Accelerations python script for SuperSlicer: https://discord.com/channels/460117602945990666/461133450636951552/901532665746968617

Acceleration control post processing script for gcode generated by SuperSlicer.

Allows to specify separate acceleration, acceleration-to-deceleration and square-corner-velocity values for:
* print moves for all types of features
* travel moves
* all moves done on the first layer

To configure SuperSlicer to automatically run this script against all GCode files that it generates:

* grab an (embedable) copy of Python3 from https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/ and
  extract it somewhere to your hard drive, e.g: C:\python-3.10.0\

* copy this file somewhere on your hard drive. e.g: C:\python-3.10.0\scripts\accelerations.py
  there is no need to edit anything in the file, all of the settings will be in the slicer.

* in SuperSlicer, Print Settings > Output Options > Post Processing Scripts add the following:
  C:\python-3.10.0\python.exe C:\python-3.10.0\scripts\accelerations.py
  path to python.exe and the accelerations.py script depends on where you put them.

* remove other acceleration control code from "Between extrusion role change" gcode section 
  in Printer Settings > Custom GCode if you have any.

* disable advanced acceleration control (set all values to 0) in the Print Settings > Speed section.

* add the block of settings below to the Printer Settings > Custom GCode > Start GCode section,
  below your PRINT_START macro for example.
  adjust the acceleration numbers as needed.
  you can verify whether the post processing script worked by exporting your generated g-code and
  seeking out the configuration block inside of it. the script will inject post processing diagnostics
  information and statistics immediately below it. if it doesn't, something did not work correctly. 

#
# Acceleration control post processing script for gcode generated by SuperSlicer.
#
# Allows to specify separate acceleration, acceleration-to-deceleration and square-corner-velocity values for:
# * print moves for all types of features
# * travel moves

Expand
accelerations.py10 KB

;
; Settings for the post-processing script "accelerations.py" that go into the Start GCode section in SuperSlicer.
; Accelerations are specified in the ACCEL / ACCEL_TO_DECEL / SQUARE_CORNER_VELOCITY format.
; 
; ACCEL: 2000/1000/5     for First Layer
; ACCEL: 10000/10000/8   for Travel
; ACCEL: 2000/1000/5     for TYPE:External perimeter
; ACCEL: 2000/1000/5     for TYPE:Overhang perimeter
; ACCEL: 2500/1750/5     for TYPE:Internal perimeter
; ACCEL: 2500/1750/5     for TYPE:Top solid infill
; ACCEL: 4000/2000/5     for TYPE:Solid infill
; ACCEL: 6000/3000/5     for TYPE:Internal infill
; ACCEL: 4000/2000/5     for TYPE:Bridge infill
; ACCEL: 4000/2000/5     for TYPE:Internal bridge infill
; ACCEL: 2000/1000/5     for TYPE:Thin wall
; ACCEL: 2000/1000/5     for TYPE:Gap fill
; ACCEL: 4000/2000/8     for TYPE:Skirt
; ACCEL: 6000/3000/8     for TYPE:Support material
; ACCEL: 6000/3000/8     for TYPE:Support material interface
;
